More readable Contribution guide (#4525)
louislam/uptime-kuma: CONTRIBUTING.md

I will assign your pull request to a [milestone](https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/milestones), if I plan to review and merge it.

Please don't rush or ask for an ETA.
We have to understand the pull request, make sure it are no breaking changes and stick to the vision of this project, especially for large pull requests.

## I'd like to work on an issue. How do I do that?

We have found that assigning people to issues is management-overhead that we don't need.
A short comment that you want to try your hand at this issue is appreciated to save other devs time.
If you come across any issue, feel free to leave a comment with what you are stuck with.

### Recommended Pull Request Guideline

Before diving deep into coding, having a discussion creating an empty pull request for discussion is prefered.

> The rationale behind this is that we might know which PRs do some work into the same direction and can point out pitfalls / conflicts.

Author: Think this needs a "by" after "can help"

```suggestion
The rationale behind this is that we can align the direction and scope of the feature to eliminate any conflicts with existing and planned work, and can help by pointing out any potential pitfalls.
```

> The rationale behind this is that we might know which PRs do some work into the same direction and can point out pitfalls / conflicts.

Reviewer: Sounds good to me.

It binds to `0.0.0.0:3001` by default.

> It is mainly a `socket.io`-app, but includes `express.js` to serve:

Reviewer: I think a more accurate description would be

The backend is an `express.js` server with `socket.io` integrated. It uses `socket.io` to communicate with clients, and most server logic is encapsulated in the `socket.io` handlers. `express.js` is also used to serve:

Author: ```suggestion
The backend is an `express.js` server with `socket.io` integrated.
It uses `socket.io` to communicate with clients, and most server logic is encapsulated in the `socket.io` handlers.
`express.js` is also used to serve:
```
